Mr. Shen, I don't understand what you're talking about
You asked me about Shen Tianlan's niece
Should be able to hide from me
You saved Yaoyao that day
Not by chance
Mr. Shen
Have you had enough?
I know what you're doing.
There is no need to use this
Ways to hurt yourself
Except maybe this face and body
Nothing left.
What way do you want me to use it?
Then you treat yourself like this
still
I rejected you.
You will switch to the next target
Of course, but
What does this have to do with you, President Shen?
Are you jealous?
I'm just reminding you
Don't forget your previous efforts
Of course for revenge
What else could it be for?
Hey little 7
Where did you get that Band-Aid?
This is so ugly
Yes
You are really ugly.
Hello grandpa
Do you want to rebel?